Update BTCPayServer project description and summary (#143)
OpenSats/website: data/projects/btcpayserver.mdx

---
title: 'BTCPay Server'
dateAdded: '2022-09-22'

> summary: 'Start accepting Bitcoin payments with 0% fees & no third-party.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: 'Start accepting Bitcoin payments with 0% processing fees & no third-party intermediary.'
```

## About this project

> BTCPay Server is a self-hosted, open-source cryptocurrency payment processor. It's secure, private, censorship-resistant, and free. Simply launch a server (cloud, your own hardware device, or an existing host), connect your e-commerce store or one of many apps, and funds arrive directly to your connected wallet. Simple to use with native wallet management, and great for invoicing and accounting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BTCPay Server is a self-hosted, open-source cryptocurrency payment processor. It's secure, private, censorship-resistant, and free. Simply launch a server (cloud, your own hardware device, or an existing host), connect your e-commerce store or one of the many apps, and funds arrive directly to your connected wallet. Ability to also facilitate cross-border transactions without conversion fees. Easy to use with native wallet management, and great for invoicing and accounting.
```
